## Changelog
We've made huge strides since the last changelog. The Reddit module is for all intents and purposes, complete. We have implemented a separate settings feature located as its own component (to be implemented by every directory of components) that will manage the subscribed subreddits as well as providing an option to delete them. 

We've also created a separate notes module that allows us to create notes (well, soon) with titles, topic, and text. This will allow me in the future to group notes I want to take by topic and quickly jot down notes. There are features to inline edit and the updates are working correctly. I will say here in the changelog that there are some stylistic concerns with the implementation of some features, as I will lay down below, some design choices were made hastily in order to facilitate the correctness of the module without thinking about if it is good code.

### Plan
The plan is to finish the Notes module by tomorrow -- it is nearly complete. We need to consider the following:

- Add feature for creating new notes (as right now we can only successfully view and edit seeded notes)
- Change slightly the `state` in the `NotesViewTable` component to have a singular source of truth
- Figure out JQuery selectors such that we can use something like `$(this)`, I suspect `.bind(this)` will play a part in this

After that, we may stop and refactor all the code we have thus far and implement some tweaks on the Reddit module. Then we can move on to implementing a few modules that use some Ruby Gems. I think I am getting the hang of React w/ Rails as well as routing!