### Plan
There are quite a few things we will need to validate, fix, and update in order for note taking to be fully functional. I have listed everything that I can think of below:

1. Button Interactions. A `cancel` button should be added, and the layouts of buttons should be changed depending on state. For example, if I am writing a new post, the only buttons that should be available are `cancel` and `save`. Additionally, editing notes should allow us to change the topic, which means we will need to edit the AJAX request to send `topic` as another parameter.
2. Follow practice of unobstructive Javascript, meaning we should separate Javascript and JQuery functions to the seprate `home.js` file we are using right now. Read more about this when you can.
3. Our functions are starting to get too long. For the example of `saveNewNote`, depending on how we reached this function we may need to toggle the visiblity of certain HTML elements -- but adding conditional logic in the function itself makes it incredibly messy. Instead, we should have `saveNewNote` be a managerial function in charge of the whole process of saving a new note, which in turn should call helper functions such as `toggleHTMLElements`, `makeAJAXSaveRequest`, so on and so forth (but with better function names).
4. After we add a note, that note is selected and displayed. If we attempt to add another note, that note won't have empty parameters for the entry boxes which is a problem
5. We need to test to make sure that we can edit entry topics and add posts with new topics